may I ask do you guys always sit in like
these positions you have now so we can
keep coming back this is how we do
stared into Katie's left ear very clean
cuz she sits I'm just like there it is
left ear why is it so clean Katie are
you using q-tips you know I don't care
what they say Luke has to look inside my
ear you keep them clean I know you're
the senior partner in the firm is that
how you know if you see the senior
partner or senior citizen I like sounds
better we're here to preserve his legacy
I see you like that ruin it I think your
legacy is undiminished bull really I'm
well known oh you haven't met these two
these two I mean whatever my comfort
zone was they have taken me to a new
level of just by the seat of my pants
yeah all right sure what's going to
happen but going out on that show every
time we go out I just hold my breath and
go God take me to the next level yes
because you play it pretty safe in
general I think you're right you know me
well we don't take any chances
once you survive in the music business
for a hundred years and you're still
here you don't want to take any chances
these who take me to the edge
well I know key for sure well Katie
would you agree with this assessment of
Lionel is that he's got the greatest
stories oh but he keeps them for private
situations it's the best okay so I ran
into Lionel Richie when there was this
talk about maybe doing American Idol I
actually ran into him at Sunset Tower
which is like very bougie place
definitely for coming Hollywood get a
reservation um and I ran into him and
Lisa right and we had a drink together
and he was telling me stories about
Diana Ross and when Houston and Prince
and I was like oh my gosh you've got
just such an incredible history and and
legacy and wisdom and so they're like
well they asked me
who do you think should be on the show
who would be really complimentary and I
was like actually Lionel Richie would
hold it down so hard and he you were
very right I already feel like just even
hearing that story that Luke is left out
in yes um how know somehow Here I am let
me give you the copy always goes into we
always contort your face a compliment
unbeknownst to any of us they asked me
during my interview uh-huh who would you
consider and I said Luke I said you got
a you got a have a nose we they were
putting it together we didn't know
whether we were gonna in or out and all
of a sudden they said I said trust me
there is never a dull moment with Luke
in the and then I'm like the show picked
me really yeah he's I feel like you have
a lot in common yeah we do well first of
all they get me out here we gotta get
you on a skin treatment get you all
vitamins
drink every morning whether it be green
juice juice turmeric bone broth but he's
like why are you drinking and what is
that what is that I'm like honey you
need to start taking vitamins and not so
much Metamucil are you taking a lot of
meta music brakes are really so true
just we've invaded your not just your
privacy but you're calling right now
this is a photo that Lionel posted for
Instagram the road I'm out here
exploring Oregon a little kayaking a
little fishing my I need some help with
this yeah yeah
how you dressed to go fish I was
roughing it I was roughing it I was
Jimmy I was roughing it okay you know
just get out there in Oregon and we're
filming and these horses are supposed to
run by us look like you know just this
amazing scene or whatever we get out
there she's having hay fever Lionel's
Lana and I'm like I'm in my element then
and I'm like was fully in enjoying it
I'm sitting there going guys this is
some my clothes my throat's closing up
and Lucas out there just taking in the
air and kinghorn at it you know or like
stepped in it pretty bad yeah well yeah
they take a lot of Metamucil yeah you
know it happens
Haley I think the last time you were
here you just been recently engaged you
got will these guys be invited to the
wedding I can't afford them you know
it's so funny it's like I'm I'm actually
like a not a bridezilla I call myself
like a bridezilla okay I'm kind of chill
but I am one of those girls where I got
engaged for every 14th and then I I
booked the place February 19th oh you
did oh you wasted no time
oh yeah will these guys be expected to
sing at your wedding like I said I can't
afford them oh yeah you really I mean no
I mean look they have to they have a lot
of work to do you know while I'm out
getting married again I see I see this
is good this is your way of saying they
are actually not invited
we've been flannel now we've been
dropping hits and a little well what is
it gonna be y'all need to drop anymore
no not invited just say don't save the
day we have the judges from American
Idol which comes back on Sunday Katie
and Lionel will be back with more if we
shut the shad I'll be doing dishes I'm
guessing that was not one of them yeah
the sad part is
everybody's gonna walk around the rest
of the day go inside inside she's saying
Sartre Sardis in a situation like that
who is best at breaking the bad news to
the Lionel is you are like the
Undertaker now family I think NFL
football teams could hire him to come in
to do the post Super Bowl loss hate
speech oh really cause let me tell you
the deal our job is basically not first
of all some of these kids come in and
they are already broken when I say that
it's tough yes and so what I don't want
to do is have them leave broken even
more yeah so most of the time we build
them up to let them know that half of
them don't have families we love it
so all of a sudden we become their
family so really I mean that's that's
mean that's how close because you see
them like this when they're talking
right yeah you don't have to say
anything except boo and they'll fall
over
so you blew them
this is American Idol on AV so what
happens is my job to basically go in and
say listen I build you up to the point
where you made it this far but you do do
you have a shot in this competition
absolutely not but I don't leave them
broke let me tell you something you'd be
a great bachelor because the bachelor
has to do that all the time I don't know
how should be the guy who comes in and
tells the bachelor it's like Idol
William Wallace of like I'm very pleased
kids will be like they almost look
excited that they got told no after a
while really he's quoting verses from
like like the Bible that you don't like
the older but I enjoy it because it's my
job to help them understand that there's
some avenues they can go down remember
now these kids are 15 16 inside yeah
they have not even started their lives
yet yeah but you can see them going what
do you think and I have to say you know
what it's not your time or whatever the
case but it is painful sometimes because
there are some kids on this show that
are homeless right now it imagine we
don't have to say another bad thing
about them right we just have to give
them hope that there is a dream out
there for them it's a very sweet thing
to do and I never really think of it
that way and it makes it even more
confusing to me now why Katie would
invite you to her wedding you understand
a thing like that you know such a
beautiful thing
[Laughter]
we almost had a tender moment there
almost attended almost no pain I reason
to read I don't think she needs me
there's you only need one preacher you
can't have two yeah cuz I would be there
going you know over the years she needs
a lot of funds yeah alright alright but
you know hearing you sing my love would
be nice off yeah yeah that would be nice
those are 17 wedding song yeah it's not
like your music would fit in at a
wedding
well it's great to see you guys keep
letting them down easy letting them down
easy there you go
[Applause]
with Musial I am Jimmy Kimmel and I am
NOT allowed to eat this cookie until you
click the subscribe button so please
click now I'm hungry